Foreman console instruccions (#4)
lsst-it/ittn-011: index.rst

    --enable-foreman-plugin-dhcp-browser \
    --enable-foreman-proxy-plugin-remote-execution-ssh

Foreman Console
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Since we generated a self-signed certificate, you'll need to import it to the web browser you 

> are using - otherwise the remtote console won't be able.

Reviewer: Two suggested fixes - one, type in `remote`, and two, indicate more specifically what can't connect.
```suggestion
are using - otherwise the Foreman remote console won't be able to connect.
```

> .. code-block:: yaml

Reviewer: This code example looks like bash - should the file type be `bash`?

```suggestion
.. code-block:: bash
```
